you still miss drugs oh yeah you have
any yes I do Carrie Fisher had cocaine
morphine codeine and oxycodone in her
system when she was hospitalized after
suffering a massive heart attack on
board a flight to LAX so some idiot in
my audience writes to me in complete
stunned disbelief that I really am
morally opposed to see cocaine do you
think buying cocaine is wrong because
cocaine production is horrible
or because it turns you into a cokehead
or both I he says of himself I don't buy
cocaine not because it will turn me into
a cokehead
which it wouldn't if I used it
responsibly Yeah right
you don't think DMX and Carrie Fisher
and Gemma - you don't think all of them
thought they were using it responses you
don't think with his elite level of
education and his incredibly powerful
position in society Jeff Adachi this guy
the public the fact you know think he
was sitting there thinking it won't
happen to me I'm not like those other
crackheads I'm special oh no no I won't
have to deal with the consequences of my
actions the way they will and I won't
have to go to jail even though I myself
have been responsible for putting other
people in jail for committing exactly
the same crime I'll get away with it oh
no no brain damage caused by this drug
that's something happens to other people
not to me I'm one of the good ones I'm
one of the responsible users no homie if
you Huff glue you get brain damage if
you drink alcohol you get brain damage
if you use antidepressants you get brain
damage and you know what go ahead and do
a few Google searches if there's any
doubt in your mind that cocaine causes
brain damage the guy who does that
channel active research informed opinion
I always knew he was secretly
conservative
I mean she says he felt for Bernie
Sanders but have you heard what he says
about cocaine and quote-unquote
neurodiversity I always knew he was
secretly a conservative deep down inside
it's just waiting to come out
yeah amazingly people in the audience
ragequit over my statement in passing
that using cocaine is a bad thing and I
think I made a statement even more
briefly in passing yes I do support in
short a get tough on drugs legislative
approach to the problem oh do you miss
codeine
one that was all I ever liked it's a you
know it was like I never liked alcohol I
never liked street drugs let's pretend
we all grew up reading Plato there was a
time there was a time when this was a
common exercise in the classroom Plato
gives you this vision of a society in
which the police are philosophers in
which the police are pillars of civic
virtue in which the police teach us
morality and maintain public morality
this is not this is not the real world
Plato Plato you just don't have that now
come on who watches the Watchmen who
police's the police if you really
believe the role of the police in
society is to individually the average
man then who is it that is even more
integrity than the police who envisioned
achter the police if the average man
struggles with the temptation for
cocaine addiction and and the police
their job is to keep us sober who's
gonna prevent the police from becoming a
much greater rate it's people like Jeff
Adachi
it's people like public defender and
critical police watchdog Jeff Adachi
this is the man who police's the police
force but looky here attach ease death
cost by cocaine and alcohol use autopsy
finds wait wait a minute wait a minute
maybe I didn't maybe I didn't take this
analysis back far enough okay so there's
the general public
and then the police they basically keep
the public in line they enforce local
and then there's this special guy Jeff
Adachi
and he police's the police so who
police's the policemen for the police
right so what's the next step who is it
that keeps Jeff Adachi honest if Jeff a
- whose job is to keep the police on us
and the police they're supposed to keep
us honest how does that work oh it's
like a circle it's the public it's the
general public who votes for who elects
Jeff Adachi
so if this guy Jeff Adachi if he had
this dissolute sex life and he was a
drug fiend and he died with cocaine and
all these other drugs in his bloodstream
in the company of this mysterious woman
Catalina
a Colombian national being sought by the
police who nobody is suggesting was a
prostitute but some woman whose company
he was enjoying in the nude in a room
that had some contraceptives scattered
about and bedclothes scattered off the
bed and so on with his this dissolute
life this guy was leading so he would
have to face up to public scrutiny about
that right he'd have to stand for
election and the electorate and the
press they'd investigate his conduct
they'd weigh the good and the bad and
they'd really judge him harshly right
he'd leave his whole life under scrutiny
for his moral conduct because his job is
to scrutinize the moral conduct of the
police right that beat that be oh really
high levels oh oh oh I'm I'm sorry
100 % of people voted for him in his
last election 100 percent um I can't
remember a movie on Rotten Tomatoes that
got 100 percent definitely not any of
the Star Wars movies in the last 20
years got a hundred percent Jeff Adachi
cocaine addicts hate not just cocaine he
had all kinds of drugs in his system
Jeff Adachi leading a totally dissolute
totally immoral self-indulgent lifestyle
he got he got a hundred percent in the
elections I feel there's there's some
kind of Weezer could it be could it be
that journalists and members of the
establishment work
really interested in scrutinizing is
kind of weren't really interested in
exposing this problem to the public
could it be that some of them today feel
a little bit of guilt because if they
had done their job Jeff Adachi his life
would have been saved maybe he would
have been arrested maybe he would have
spent a short time in jail but then he
would have had to get clean he would
have had to get sober and he'd still be
alive today
unquote I'm worried that we're going
into a direction that we shouldn't right
I don't think any of us are perfect and
I think the personal things should
remain personal close quote that's a
quote from a district attorney George
George Gascon George you hypocrite how
many people have you put behind bars how
many people have you put in jail for the
exact same conduct that Jeff - yet why
is it that the whole establishment
closes ranks behind this guy tried to
defend him defend his reputation and
even claim that it's unreasonable for
the public to know about his so-called
private life why is it that any normal
person would go to jail for doing this
but not not a member of the economic
elite like like Jeff Adachi other
substances found in a dashi system
included marijuana zantac ibuprofen and
benzodiazepines at levels too small to
quantify the blood levels of these
substances indicate that they had been
consumed at some point during the day
this was all in one day it wasn't even
nighttime when the body was discovered
so he must have woken up bright and
early and started doing a combination of
cocaine alcohol marijuana zantac and
more we don't even know which
benzodiazepine it is a lot of those are
used as recreational drugs this was his
day in the company of his female friend
not his wife Catalina yeah and that's
that's the man who is the coulomb
police watchdog that's the man who's
policing the police on your account and
every journalist and every member of the
establishment slams it oh well you know
it's his personal life we should just we
should just respect his privacy we
should just regard this as as beyond
beyond good and evil right right look
guys I'm not a hypocrite if I'm gonna be
interrogated by a police officer I want
that police officer to be sober I don't
want that police officer to be stoned or
drunk I don't want to just use cocaine
once in a while I want the police force
to be a hundred percent silver and I
want Jeff Adachi whoo whoo visualize the
police force to be a hundred percent
sober and guess what I'm not a hypocrite
I want myself to live up to that same
standard I'm not gonna make excuses for
myself and imagined I'm on some lower
level but I don't answer to the same
kind of responsibility as a police
officer in my own small sad way I have
to take responsibility for my conduct I
have to take responsibility for the
quality of my character and the most
fundamental first step to doing that is
sobriety is refusing cocaine and I
expected of you and you and you in the
audience okay and if you can't live up
to it you're a scumbag you're a scumbag
just like Jeff Adachi he was a scumbag
and is a disgrace and none of these
people will come out and say it none of
these people will come on set and none
of these people will say if the police
had arrested him
the police had put him in jail for two
weeks way back at the beginning when he
started on this downward spiral it would
have saved his life he could still be
here today could be living a better life
than he lived during all those years if
his downward spiral if the progress of
the scumbag efficient
of Jeff Adachi if that had been halted
with with an arrest with a search with a
prison sentence it could have saved his
life we apologize to the Adachi family
for that report being released but
police weren't just on hand to apologize
they were at City Hall to field
questions from city supervisors who say
the leak was a deliberate targeting of
Adachi a public defender whose career
was largely defined by his dogged
criticism of the police department to
have that type of maligning going on of
a public official in San Francisco is
disgusting it was despicable with the
police department did to myself and my
daughter I really sing the police report
quote many city leaders praised his work
as a relentless defender of indigent
clients a police watchdog there's that
phrase a police watcher who police's the
police cokehead Jeff Adachi policing the
police a police watchdog and a criminal
justice reform er few though wanted to
comment on Friday's autopsy results hmm
supervisor Sandra Lee fewer who called
for a public hearing after a police
report was leaked to the media after her
daddy's death said Friday quote what
people do in their personal lives and in
their own personal time is private
period closed quote would you have voted
for him if you knew this
you scumbag hypocrite don't you think
the public had a right to know don't you
think the public had a right to know who
this guy really was how about the police
how about the police whom he was
policing as their quote/unquote watchdog
don't you think they had a right to know
don't you think they should have gone to
the polls in an open and honest and
transparent way the reality of who this
scumbag was that he should have been
elected that he should have either won
or lost the election based on the
reality of who was not not an illusion
that you helped him to maintain hey
don't you have a human heart how many
people have you put behind bars for
these same
mine's equal protection under the laws
equal punishment under the laws Jeff
Adachi should have had his day in court
and gone to prison like thousands and
thousands of others do every day and he
should have done it for the same reasons
and it would have saved his life and
instead you helped cover it up you
helped make it all sound so respectable
even now after his death cost him his
life and who knows who knows what other
negative consequences there were having
that guy in a position of power in a
position of authority for so many years
the 25 page autopsy report details
Itachi's final moments in dispassionate
detail it includes interviews with
witnesses and police details about
Itachi's anatomy as well as toxicology
report that found cocaine alcohol and
benzodiazepines in his system
benzodiazepines such as volume or xanax
are widely prescribed no no no comment
of whether or not he had a prescription
for his antics or if he was doing it
illegally Carrie Fisher Carrie Fisher
was basically a multi-millionaire from
the age of 19 she was set for life from
an early age she was a feminist icon she
was a role model to young girls all
around the world Carrie Fisher's autopsy
reveals a cocktail of drugs including
cocaine opiates and ecstasy that is not
the whole list of drugs that were in her
blood at the time of her death that is
not the whole list of drugs she abused
during her short life she may have
looked 80 she went sounded 80 but she
died at age 60 this is what her brother
Todd said when she was still in
intensive care you know in between life
and death
quote if everyone could just pray for
her that would be good
close quote imagine all those little
girls all around America all around all
the logos who bought the doll who have a
doll of Princess Leia have an action
figure of Princess Leia imagine all the
grown women for whom you know this had
been an icon and let's just imagine at
least half of them are dumb enough that
state they still believe in Jesus that
they're praying they're praying to baby
Jesus in the sky
there they're praying to the sky God
Jesus okay I don't know maybe they're
praying them to Odin I doubt it okay
just think about those prayers all
around the world and who and what are
they really are they really praying for
Carrie Fisher had cocaine morphine
codeine and oxycodone in her system when
she was hospitalized after suffering a
massive heart attack on board a flight
to LAX you know I really did search
around Carrie Fisher has a long history
of drug use issues a long history of
writing about and kind of admitting the
drug use like she didn't really keep it
secret I couldn't find any record of her
being arrested we're doing jail time why
not DMX got arrested and went to jail
again and again and again
basically for drug-related charges his
whole life it's probably why DMX is
still alive today
what if back when she was 19 back when
she was first starting on this downward
spiral Carrie Fisher was arrested and
what the jail for two weeks and she
learned her Wow
you have responsibilities kid and all
your responsibilities begin with
sobriety your responsibilities begin
with the refusal to use cocaine and then
maybe a few years later maybe she's 22
and it's her second offense and she gets
arrested she gets a search warrant you
know that kind of situation guess what
kid this is your second second warning
you know you're in court on really
serious charges cocaine possession okay
if she had been through a few arrests
she had been in and out of jail could
have saved her life she she still be
alive today should be a way better
health today and she could have been
much more meaningful things of their
life nobody nobody had more privileged
chance of a lifetime you could've done
anything she wanted to with their life
morally artistically terms of charity
work politics could absolutely anything
as they say she was really a kind of
feminist icon she took this role of the
damsel in distress and transformed it
she took the role of the pampered
princess and and said no I'm gonna be
the pugnacious princess I'm gonna be the
the princess who's out to rescue the
whole universe not the princess who's
waiting for you to rescue
I'm gonna be the princess who's bossy
and in charge it was an interesting
little you know it was a suffragette you
know inversion of your expectations
about the damsel in distress story very
powerful cultural symbol in many ways
and what did she do with it she became a
crackhead she became a cocaine addict
she became a drug user this is how she
died
the LA County Coroner released its full
autopsy including toxicology and
revealed the slew of drugs in addition
to the cocaine and opiates found in a
urine analysis there was also a very
small amount of MDMA a drug commonly
known as ecstasy and heroin all of these
drugs in her system simultaneously the
report says it's unclear how much of a
role if any the drugs played in her
death on December 2 no it's really good
to be skeptical about that what what was
the role of drug addiction you know you
general downward spiral off and if
that's pursue it's it's it's tough to
say okay as we told you on Friday the
coroner announced sleep apnea and other
undetermined factors were the cause of
death that's very considerate of the
coroner to leave it up to your
imagination but you know what I don't
think that's the full list of the drugs
she was on according to variety in
addition to the illegal drugs Fisher was
also taking Prozac
abilify and Lamech Tull under
prescription
she was also taking oxycodone without a
prescription hmm so some idiot in my
audience writes to me in complete
stunned disbelief that I really am
morally opposed to see cocaine wait to
clarify do you think buying cocaine is
wrong because cocaine production is
horrible or because it turns you into a
cokehead or both I he says of himself I
don't buy cocaine not because it will
turn me into a cokehead which it
wouldn't
if I used it responsibly yeah right
you don't think DMX and Carrie Fisher
and Jim Adachi
you don't think all of them thought they
were using it responsibly you don't
think with his elite level of education
and his incredibly powerful position in
society Jeff Adachi this guy the public
the fact you know think he was sitting
there thinking it won't happen to me I'm
not like those other crackheads I'm
special oh no no I won't have to deal
with the consequences of my actions the
way they will and I won't have to go to
jail even though I myself have been
responsible for putting other people in
jail for committing exactly the same
crime I'll get away with it
oh no no brain damage caused by this
drug that son that happens to other
people not to me
I'm one of the good ones I'm one of the
responsible users no homie if you Huff
glue you get brain damage if you drink
alcohol you get brain damage if you use
antidepressants you get brain damage and
you know what go ahead and do a few
google searches if there's any doubt in
your mind that cocaine causes brain
damage so not because he thinks he'd
become a cokehead which he doesn't
believe would happen if you used it
responsibly
quote but because I don't want to fund
gangs who chop off people's heads close
quote
what you and I really disagree about a
lot of things quote so you're saying
that you would use cocaine if it were
grown in your own backyard I would not I
would refuse to use cocaine even if for
example it were grown in a university
research facilities greenhouse and were
offered to me without any possible
external negative consequences his reply
is yes I don't see the problem with
using cocaine recreationally every now
and then the health Assessor
but now the facts are minimal if you do
it every few months as far as I know but
even if I were to destroy my own health
with it I could do the same with
cigarettes alcohol but those morally
okay to buy know the only reasonable
argument against quote unquote
ethical coke I can think of is that it
will negatively impact society in some
drastic way because people overuse and
cannot handle the addiction of something
but this sounds suspiciously like
prohibition-era argumentation let me
just say something stranger the next
time a police officer pulls you over and
interrogate you any reason any reason
whether they have a good reason or not
I'll bet you wish and you pray that that
police officer is sober and not high on
cocaine or not trying to get money for
his cocaine habit I'll bet you wish and
you pray that when you deal with an
authority figure like a police officer
that they're clean and sober I'll bet
you wish and you pray that when you deal
with a university professor and a lot of
people have dealt with this you have a
university professor someone who has
power over you someone who decides
whether you get the scholarship or not
whether you get an A or B or C someone
kicks you I bet you wish and you hope
that that authority figure is clean and
sober and not on cocaine you know what
let's take this down to the most
intimate human scale little babies
little children who depend on their
parents for everything including wisdom
and guidance there is no dependency more
keenly felt than the dependency of a
child upon his or her parent children
need their parents to be sober with much
more unspoken desperation than you as a
citizen need the policeman to be sober
when the policeman is interrogating you
it's a much more dire and desperate need
and children are voiceless and powerless
a course to some other parent if their
parent is a cocaine addict there will be
people right now in this audience who
know the horror of growing up with a
parent who's an alcoholic
growing up with a parent who's a cocaine
addict growing up with a parent like
Carrie Fisher who's using a whole bunch
of drugs including heroin you name it
okay there's there's nothing more
terrible but then you know what you have
to do you have to pause and reflect and
responsibilities you have in your own
life and realize you have to ask
yourself am I not in some sense on the
same level as a policeman as a professor
as a parent do I not have
responsibilities that obliged me that
make it my obligation to be sober and
responsible to refuse to use cocaine or
am I just such a scumbag that I would
write myself off and never think of
myself on that same level as those
authority figures Jeff Adachi you were
supposed to police the police officers
but instead you became a scumbag and a
crackhead and a drug addict you became a
dissolute self-indulgent piece of crap
and you died you paid the ultimate price
you paid with your life but you brought
shame on your office and shame on your
whole society Carrie Fisher you were
supposed to be a symbol symbol of I'll
use that phrase a new hope you were a
role model to millions little girls all
around the world
you gave it up and you ultimately gave
up your life
for what cocaine